[HOME PAGE]

Barangay Dontogan, Baguio City

(VISION)
Dontogan Barangay as it continue to progress and develop envisage itself to be an efficient governance and responsible leadership, working hand in hand with praticipative residents in conserving a sustainable community.

(MISSION)
To promote general welfare and provide exceptional publice service.

(HISTORY)
Nestled at the panoramic and famous Mount Sto. Tomas, Baguio City's highest summit at 5,000 Feet above sea level-is a community of people who adapted to their environment and to the demands of a ever-changing world keeping alive their own values and traditions from mixed cultures and heritages. Barangay Dontogan, as it is known, was once a component part of a larger district collectively known as Sto. Tomas. It was in 1963 that the Barrio Council saw the need to establish a separate district from Sto. Tomas in acknowledgement of the new reality a growing neighborhood district from the other communities. Their act have birth to what is today Barangay or "Shontog" for which in Ibaloi means "mountain". Dontogan then would refer to a mountainous place.

(PICTURES)



[PEOPLE PAGE]

Total Population: 				5,662
Total Number of Households: 	1,317
Male: 							2,796
Female: 						2,866
Children: 						1,279
Youth:							373
Women: 							2,866
Senior Citizen: 				274
PWD:							56
Solo-Parent 					24
OSY: 							20

Punong Barangay
	Hon. Henry F. Figueres

Committee on Rule Public Order and Safety
	Kag. Eugene P. Sacnet

Committee on Sport, Youth & Development
	Kag. Simplicio A. Talangkay

Committee on Appropriation (Finance)
	Kag. George L. Bay-Ed

Committee on Trade, Industry and Resources (Tourism, Permits & Licensing)
	Kag. Danny S. Balusdan

Committee on Education adn Culture (Als and LiveliHood)
	Kag. Preciosa L. Esteban

Committee on Health & Environmental Sanitation
	Kag. Leonora A. Lipawen

Committee on Public Works, Highways & Communication (Infrastructure)
	Kag. Renato P. Bongcog

Barangay Treasurer
	Analyn L. Mek-Eng

Barangay Secretary
	Grace A. Salvatin

[PROJECT PAGE]

Name											Amount		Source of Fund		Remarks
Farm to Market Road 						2,000,000.00	Congressional Fund	(Resolution)
at Purok 7, Dontogan Barangay

Concreting of Alley at Purok 8,				100,000.00		20% Dev. Fund,		implemented
 Dontogan Barangay											Annual Budget

